Draft transformation for aleph to strapi #5 (#14)
hbz/lobid-extra-holdings: README.md

# lobid-extra-holdings

Non-Alma holdings for lobid-resources (currently only DE-Sol1).

> The holdings for DE-Sol1 are provided as MAB and ALEPH Seq files, and for ZDB related resources as SRU/Marc records combining bibliographic as well as holding information in one collection element . Find examples in `test/input`. Holdings are provided in separate records and items for the same resource need to be merged into a single resource as different objects in `hasItem`. Each item in `hasItem` represents a single holding item.

Author: ```suggestion
Holdings for DE-Sol1 are provided in two ways:
  - as ndjson export from the productiv strapi-de-sol1 database that was initially  populated with data from the ALEPH Seq files
  - for ZDB related resources as SRU/Marc records combining bibliographic as well as holding information in one collection element .
 
Find examples in `test/input`. Holdings are provided in separate records and items for the same resource need to be merged into a single resource as different objects in `hasItem`. Each item in `hasItem` represents a single holding item.
```
